The clock struck nine o'clock when Maria's graduation ceremony ended. For four hours, including speeches and presentations, Mike had sat and watched dozens of college students receive their degrees. Being there to watch Maria get hers was a memory Mike knew he would never forget. He was so happy for Maria that it made him start to cry. It was a joyous day for them both, and they would soon be celebrating. Mike stood up from his seat and walked to the outside of the building to rejoin Maria.    There were so many people who had showed up to see their friends and family members graduate. Mike walked through the throng of people, even getting lost at one point. He soon found his way back and stood outside waiting for his beloved to exit the building. After nearly twenty minutes of waiting, she finally came into sight. Mike saw her as she slowly made her way through the crowd of graduates and attendees. She fell into Mike's arms immediately after reaching him. She looked up at her lover and saw that Mike had been crying. When questioned about his swelled-up and teary eyes, Mike simply denied it. He looked into his future wife's eyes and softly said, "Let's go back home." Mike and Maria made their way to the car and drove home. Mike pulled up into the driveway, turned off the vehicle, and turned to Maria. "We should celebrate tonight," he said. "Are you sure? Aren't you tired?" she asked him. "No. Why, are you?" he responded. Maria's facial expression spoke volumes that she was indeed worn out. "Let's go inside. I have surprise for you," Mike said, remembering the flowers inside. "I'm sorry, Mike. I'm just tired from standing for four hours," Maria said as they walked to the front door of the apartment. "There is no need to explain, honey. I totally understand," he said. Mike felt excited because of the surprise that awaited Maria on the other side of the door. With his key he unlocked the door, letting Maria enter first. Her surprise was worth the money and effort.58. Celebration (B) 