The day started out like any other. The sun rose in the east, shining its light over the city of Pasadena where Mike and Maria would be getting married later today. Mike and Maria awoke from their slumber, looking at each other with love and joy. They knew what a special day it was. They were expecting it to be nothing less than the happiest day of their lives."    Are you ready for today?" Maria asked Mike who was still gazing into her eyes. Mike smiled and reached out with his hand to caress his lover's face. "I was born ready for this day," he said, kindly. He got out of bed and jumped into the shower. Maria knew what she had to do, too. But before she could leave the apartment, she also had to shower and eat breakfast. Mike finished showering quickly, kissed Maria on the cheek as she stepped inside the bathroom, and went to the kitchen to fix something to eat. "I love you," he said to her. Maria mouthed the same words back to him and smiled. Mike decided to make breakfast for two. Maria soon joined Mike at the kitchen table to eat. They enjoyed a casual conversation about ordinary things, well aware of what an extraordinary day this was for them. Maria and Mike finished their breakfast and said their goodbyes to each other. Following tradition, they weren't to see each other again until the actual wedding ceremony. "I'll see you later," Maria said to Mike as she headed out the door. "Do you promise?" Mike asked her before she could walk out the door. Maria turned herself around and nodded ever so nicely. The next time Mike would see Maria, she would be walking down the church's aisle in a wedding dress escorted by her father. And so, later that day, just before the ceremony began, Mike and Maria's family and friends gathered together to witness their holy matrimony. Mike stood beside his best man and friend, Doug, in front of the seated guests. "Cannon in D" began to play as Maria walked down the aisle, looking as beautiful as ever in her snow-white dress. Her high school friend, Mary, beaming with pride, was her maid of honor. Mike's surfer friend, the one he and Maria had met in Malibu, smiled, as the bride walked past him. With tears in her eyes she walked up to Mike who was also beginning to tear up. They both looked at each with love as the priest began to say the words that would unite them together.61. Wedding Day (B) 