Mike had many hobbies. He especially enjoyed reading car magazines, collecting 60s music albums, and following sports teams on TV. Maria on the other hand, would often get bored at home when she was not working on her college homework assignments. One day while at home, as she was trying to figure out what to do next, she decided to acquire a hobby. Maria thought long and hard about different hobbies, wondering which one she should take up.    She could see herself looking pretty and playing tennis on a sunny afternoon, but then she imagined herself getting hit in the head with the ball.  She pictured herself looking sharp and jet skiing by the seashore, but then she imagined herself getting attacked and eaten by a shark. Finding a hobby wasn't going to be so easy. After much contemplation she decided on a hobby, one that hopefully didn't put her in harm's way. She walked into the living room where Mike was reading a magazine. Happy and excited, she shared with her soon-to-be husband news of her new aspiration. "Mike, guess what?" she asked with a smile. Mike looked up at Maria and saw how excited she was to share something. He smiled back and asked, "You're pregnant?" Maria's smile left her face immediately and was quickly replaced with a frown. "No, you dummy!" Maria said out loud. Mike felt embarrassed and quickly apologized. He asked her what the real news was. "I'm going to learn how to play the piano," she said with glee. "That's great, dear," Mike said, sincerely. Maria then decided to go to buy a piano. She hopped into her car and drove to the nearest music shop in town, looking forward to making the purchase. She arrived and entered the music shop. It was filled with the sounds of various musicians testing out instruments. Maria looked for the piano section. The music shop was quite large, so Maria had trouble finding the right section. An employee by the name of Gus spotted Maria wandering around and looking lost. He approached her and tried to help.55. Maria's New Hobby (B) 